Hi, youtube crew today. I'll teach you.
which to you how to make good dry ice
First step is you have to get a way
if it is reflected if we put people do
a very careful management debut here is
very dangerous do not know dry ice is
very difficult to find if you think
there turn south
Aquino who does not have not only need to play
there in the south sa here in time is another sign
here in this carbonate heat
was now only moving now you are
You have it at home, this is good.
lady and wish maybe this wait was
very easy
I found them exposed in the very care
I do not know how to always use a point at 1
ended up there
now just put a convict to pass
the video here
there he was ready he charged remembering well
I left two days and it is not copy books and
very carefully
a year ago it is the board cut the hand
kabak in the skin of a plane catches a day
very careful even very dangerous
there you think the money if you do
is now putting you take it
Look, here 's what I'm going to put.
here he would put everything there I used to live
that here รณ two in ten days
but brother who will have to have a
finite stock for improvement but okay
cold place the stock it here because
I'm with the band and the smoke is there.
there tabu has stock was given during good
to then that's it folks how it's done
the dry ice